Apply hillshade renderer to raster (#320)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-samples: samples/apply-hillshade-renderer-to-raster/README.md

# Apply hillshade renderer to raster

Apply a hillshade renderer to a raster.

![Image of apply hillshade renderer to raster](apply-hillshade-renderer-to-raster.png)

## Use case

> An environmental agency may track coastal erosion by comparing images of an area taken over a a longer period of time with hillshade renderers applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor coastal erosion, an environmental agency could analyze images of a specific area captured over a longer period of time while applying hillshade renderers for comparison.
```

## How to use the sample

Choose and adjust the settings to update the hillshade renderer on the raster layer. The sample allows you to change the Altitude, Azimuth, and Slope Type.

## How it works

1. Create a `Raster` from a grayscale raster file.
2. Create a `RasterLayer` from the raster.

> 3. Create a `Basemap` from the raster layer and set it to the map.

Reviewer: this is not being done in the ViewModel. Instead you're adding the raster layer to the arcGISMap operational layers
